[upbeat music]
‐ My name is Daniel Garcia.
My life used to be
pretty normal.
I worked at my family's bakery
in Little Havana
with my mom, my dad,
my crazy brother,
and my little sister.
I had a girlfriend.
Life was good.
Until she decided to propose.
‐ Will you marry me?
‐ And I decided to say...
No.
That's when everything
changed.
[people gasp]
I met Noa Hamilton,
as in international superstar,
fashion icon,
one of the most famous women
in the world‐‐
that Noa Hamilton!
The next few days were
crazy, fun, sexy, romantic.
She rocked my world.
You're fearless.
And my family's too.
What happened?
‐ Your girlfriend happened.
She's changed our lives.
‐ Noa Hamilton is playing
my song at her party.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [speaking Spanish]
‐ But then her manager said
she picked up people like me
all the time.
‐ Normal guys.
She does this
after every heartbreak.
‐ Noa Hamilton, the model,
and Colin Davis, the actor,
have broken up.
‐ I just flew halfway
across the planet
to tell you that I love you.
‐ So you can imagine
how surprised I was
by her invitation.
‐ I'm going to Puerto Rico
next week.
I'd like you to come.
‐ I don't get it.
I don't get it.
How can you just act like
all you're doing is packing?
‐ Because that is all I'm doing.
‐ Aw.
Daniel, I don't think
you understand
the universe‐bending nature
of what is happening.
You're in denial, Daniel!
‐ Taking Baker Boy on this trip
is a big mistake.
Oh!
And it sends the wrong message.
‐ Like what?
‐ Like that you and her
are gonna do the deed.
The idea that my brother and the
most famous woman in the world‐‐
‐ Might possibly
hop into bed together.
He's gonna be clingy
and awkward,
not to mention
a public relations nightmare.
Help me out here, Pipes.
‐ I think it'll be fun.
Lewis, relax.
‐ It's one day and one night.
‐ It's an overnight.
An out‐of‐town getaway.
‐ It's a charity benefit for
a school she's helping build.
‐ You think he cares about that,
Miss Skinny‐dip?
‐ It was not like that.
I mean, it was a great night,
but being with her,
it just feels natural.
‐ He's sweet.
‐ She's smart.
‐ He's kind.
‐ She's funny.
‐ Yeah, okay.
I'm gonna throw up.
‐ I'm gonna throw up.
‐ Hi, mi amor.
‐ Mom.
I'm going to Puerto Rico,
not the moon.
‐ I don't care.
Mira.
This is
your grandfather's rosary.
I want you to say
three Hail Marys
before the plane takes off.
‐ Ma.
‐ Okay?
What?
‐ Do you hear yourself?
‐ Let me ask you something,
Miss Sabelotodo.
If I'm wrong,
it costs him nothing.
But if I'm right‐‐
‐ Hmm.
20 centuries of guilt
summed up in 11 words.
‐ I'll post something
every few hours
so you guys can keep up
on my adventures, okay?
‐ Ay, a visit to Piñones.
‐ Ooh,
or your night at the gala.
‐ ♪ Or what happens after that ♪
♪ When he is back
in the honeymoon suite ♪
[yelps]
[laughter]
I smell something burning, so...
‐ Pop, I'm ready.
‐ Promise me one thing.
She's a celebrity.
She makes people fall in love
with her for a living.
Just don't get carried away.
‐ Dad, I won't.
Let's go.
♪ ♪
‐ Ma'am?
Champagne, sir?
‐ Sure.
♪ ♪
[lively music]
‐ Okay, I've confirmed the food,
the linens, the decorations.
They've all arrived safely.
I'm gonna park myself
in that ballroom
and make sure
that everything goes perfectly.
You know how I get about events.
‐ Love you madly.
‐ Love you more.
‐ Piper.
‐ Yo.
‐ [laughs]
‐ Hey, come sit down.
Just don't make me laugh.
‐ Can't make any promises.
‐ I have to focus.
I'm learning tonight's speech,
and I'm dyslexic,
so it takes me a little longer.
‐ That's why you do this stuff
with schools.
‐ After the storm,
I was seeing images
of children playing
in the street
because they didn't have schools
to go to.
So I decided to do something
about it.
‐ That's really cool‐‐
‐ Okay.
I've got updates for you,
and ground rules for you.
Junket is set‐‐
14 outlets, five minutes each,
all of them promising
to focus on your charity work.
Oh, we've got some last minute
updates on the guest list.
Kendall and Kylie flaked.
Shocker.
Chrissy and John are now maybes.
[gasps]
Oh, Melanie Caan
is on the island.
‐ No way.
‐ Yes.
‐ Lewis!
‐ This is your chance
to finally meet her
and show her
how fabulous you are.
As for you,
I need your signature.
It's an NDA‐‐
non‐disclosure agreement‐‐
basically saying that you won't
talk about your time with Noa.
‐ He doesn't have to sign that.
‐ No, no.
If it makes Gucci happy,
then okay.
‐ Yeah.
It makes Gucci happy.
All right, next.
In case you both
lose your minds,
no touching, no kissing,
no whispering sweet nothings,
no anything that the press
can interpret as romance, okay?
‐ Okay, NDA's good, PDA's bad.
I got it.
‐ You know, I know it's all
the rage for most celebrities
to live every twist
and turn of their personal lives
on social media, but Noa's
not most celebrities, okay?
Her brand connotes
more than good taste,
it connotes class.
Think Kennedy, not Kardashian.
Do you know who
the Kennedys were?
‐ Okay, I think
he gets it, Lewis.
‐ Does he?
Because honey,
we were able to dodge
full‐blown tabloid coverage
of your breakup with Colin
only because the two of you
didn't feed the fire.
‐ Gucci, it makes sense.
I won't make any more jokes.
‐ Thank you.
One more thing.
Your room key‐‐103.
Your bag's already in there.
‐ 103?
This is the fourth floor.
They didn't have
anything closer?
‐ They didn't have anything
further away.
‐ I think he's starting
to like me.
‐ [laughs]
‐ See you.
‐ I'll see you later.
[Yomo Toro's
"Las Chismosas"]
♪ ♪
[upbeat percussive music]
‐ Yeah, it's been one of
my better rental properties,
but it's time to sell.
The question, Ms. Sanchez, is,
are you the agent
to sell it for me?
Problem?
‐ Oh! [chuckles]
Minor inconvenience.
Mr. Weiss,
fantasy can be dangerous.
Too many real estate agents
don't know this.
They'd walk their clients
through this house
and ask them to imagine
what it could be.
Me?
I'd sell it based on
what it already is.
I'm not interested in appealing
to dreamers
who never buy anything.
I'm interested in the people who
are ready to take the plunge.
So if you list with me, I'll
have my stagers here by noon
and my first open house tomorrow
because this place...
is already special.
‐ Ms. Sanchez,
as someone who knows business,
take it from me‐‐
you have a bright future.
‐ Thank you.
I'll get the paperwork.
[phone chimes]
‐ [scoffs]
[groans]
You have kids?
My oldest, Zack‐‐
his bar mitzvah's
been nothing but trouble.
The venue, the rabbi‐‐
now I lost the DJ.
‐ The DJ?
I might have someone.
[phone buzzing]
‐ Is it Daniel?
‐ No!
It's a wrong number.
A very, very wrong number.
‐ He's there!
‐ [gasps]
He is?
Let me see, let me see.
[gasps]
Look at that placita.
Rafael, mira‐‐look!
‐ Hmm.
‐ Is everything okay?
‐ Fine.
‐ Oh, I forgot to tell you guys.
I heard Mr. Perez
might be retiring,
and that means that
the building next door
might become available,
and if our business stays
this successful, who knows?
‐ Mari, por favor.
[speaking Spanish]
[phone chimes]
‐ Amy?
Who's Amy?
‐ Just my friend from school.
‐ [stammers]
You have a friend?
‐ Judging by your tone,
sounds like you think
cold fusion was more likely.
‐ Cold?
Who's cold?
I'm just excited that
you have a friend.
I know how hard it's been.
And now‐‐
‐ Mom, please.
The more you talk,
the worse it gets.
[bell jingles]
[mischievous music]
♪ ♪
Ma?
‐ Mm‐hmm?
‐ What did you just do?
‐ Invited her over.
‐ Oh, my God.
You invited as me,
from my phone.
‐ You're welcome.
‐ Why did you use three emojis?
‐ Okay, don't make eye contact.
Don't slow down.
We have no time for autographs
and we don't wanna hurt
anyone's feelings, all right?
‐ Is it always like this?
‐ Always.
[overlapping chatter]
Oh, no.
‐ Your ex?
‐ Lewis, you didn't tell me that
Colin was coming to the gala.
‐ Oh, I should've known.
The guy does not shy away
from a good publicity stunt.
‐ It doesn't matter.
It'll be good
for the fundraiser.
‐ You okay?
‐ I'm fine.
‐ Because I could go
do something.
‐ Like what?
‐ Like tell him how bad
his last two movies were.
‐ [chuckles]
‐ They were.
[music swells]
♪ ♪
[cheers and applause]
‐ Hi, so nice to meet you.
Hello.
‐ Please.
‐ Thank you so much.
[overlapping excited chatter]
‐ So now she just
answers questions?
‐ [scoffs]
Sounds easy, does it?
‐ So Noa,
you came here two years ago
and promised to help rebuild
our damaged schools,
and your mission
is accomplished.
How does it feel?
‐ I'm humbled by what
the Puerto Rican people
have been able to achieve.
‐ Tell us‐‐how does it feel?
‐ I'm thankful to have been a
part of something so important.
‐ How do you feel?
‐ It's very rewarding
to see children get
the resources they deserve.
‐ Over and over,
you get the same question.
Over and over, you have
to make it sound like it's new.
‐ So what is it
about Puerto Rico?
‐ You feel connected
to the island?
‐ Why Puerto Rico?
‐ I have a really strong
connection to this island.
I love the people.
I love the culture.
‐ So, Noa, let's talk about the
big breakup with Colin Davis.
‐ Oh, no.
No.
‐ Well, breakups are hard...
‐ No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Marcia, are you kidding me?
We had a deal, remember?
Now you get that glorified
weather girl back on topic now,
or the next interview she does
is gonna be for a job
at the supermarket, yeah?
Thanks.
‐ All right.
[whispers]
You're good.
‐ So back to tonight's
big event.
[funky pop music]
♪ ♪
‐ ♪ I don't wanna blend in ♪
♪ I just wanna stand out ♪
♪ I'ma come for the win,
I ain't gonna back down ♪
♪ Yeah, I put
in the work, work ♪
♪ Now it's time to go
play, play ♪
♪ I'ma take my turn, turn ♪
♪ Watch me do
my thing, thing ♪
‐ [sighs]
She makes it look easy,
doesn't she?
Never mind that everybody's
judging her,
resenting her, adoring her,
rooting for her
to succeed or fail.
It's crazy.
‐ ♪ Like me,
like me, like me ♪
[indistinct chatter]
‐ All right, have a good day,
and, uh, check this guy out.
I hear he's the best in town,
so check him out.
[chuckles]
Have a good one.
All right, it's a great day
at Rafael's.
How can I help you?
‐ By returning my phone calls.
‐ Vanessa, I can't seem
to come up with a good lie.
‐ I have a client
who needs a DJ.
If you want the job,
you'll have to come meet him
on your lunch break, okay?
‐ Yeah, thanks.
[upbeat percussive music]
♪ ♪
‐ [gasps]
Mira.
I think that's her.
That's Amy, Natalie's friend.
‐ Mari, Mari, Mari, please.
Mari‐‐
‐ Hi!
‐ Hey.
‐ [squeals]
You must be Amy.
I'm Mari, Natalie's mom.
‐ Oh.
both: [laugh]
‐ She says such nice things
about you.
‐ Nice to meet you.
‐ Nice to meet you too.
Honey, why don't you
take the afternoon off?
This place is
emptying out anyway.
‐ Uh...
‐ Just go.
Go, go.
You girls go have fun.
‐ Okay.
‐ Go, go, go.
Bye, bye.
‐ Bye.
‐ That was crazy.
I have a whole new respect
for being famous.
‐ [vocalizes]
What part of P, D, or A
do you not understand?
‐ Sorry.
‐ Thank you.
‐ How long do you have
until you have to start
getting ready for tonight?
‐ Actually,
we should head over now.
‐ Two hours.
‐ I thought we could
have some fun.
And I know of
a really good place to take you.
‐ Okay.
Just make sure
she eats something, please.
‐ Where are you gonna take me?
‐ You're gonna love it.
[lively music]
This is Piñones.
I've always wanted to come here.
This part of the island
is Afro‐Caribbean,
so the heritage
is similar to Cuba.
‐ Oh, yeah?
Did you get that
from Tripadvisor?
‐ Tripadvisor‐‐what?
That's my middle name.
[both laugh]
So, hey, these little stands
behind us‐‐
they're called kioscos.
You're about to taste
the entire island's cuisine,
but with one caveat.
‐ What?
‐ Almost everything is fried.
‐ Ooh.
What about this one?
This is the famous one, right?
‐ This is it.
‐ Alca...
both: Purria.
‐ Want a bite?
Ooh, sorry.
‐ [laughs]
‐ More for me.
‐ How perfect is this?
This is great, right?
‐ Mm‐hmm.
Incredible.
‐ Hermano, como te llama?
‐ Ruben Velez.
[speaking Spanish]
‐ Ruben Velez,
I'm Daniel and this is...
‐ Noa.
‐ I'm glad you two like
our alcapurrias.
‐ Oh, my God.
They're amazing.
What's inside them?
‐ It's my grandmother's
secret recipe.
Only she, my father,
and I know it.
‐ Yeah, my grandmother was
the same way about her lechón.
‐ You're Cuban.
[speaking Spanish]
‐ [speaking Spanish]
[both laugh]
‐ It's an old expression meaning
that Cuba and Puerto Rico are
two wings of the same bird.
‐ Oh, that's beautiful.
‐ Yeah, yeah.
‐ You know what?
Give me your phone.
I wanna film that
for your family.
They're gonna love it.
Come on.
‐ All right.
[speaks Spanish]
‐ Sí, sí, sí.
‐ Yeah‐‐all right.
‐ Ready.
‐ Hey, guys, I finally made it
to Piñones,
and I'm here with
my new friend, Ruben Velez...
‐ Yes.
‐ Who makes the most
incredible alcapurrias.
The inside is so perfect.
‐ Thank you.
‐ Ruben, you have to tell us
how you make something simple
taste so good.
‐ The pork recipe
is a family secret,
but the real answer is love.
You need to do it
with a lot of love, Daniel.
‐ Come on‐‐I know there's more.
[speaking Spanish]
Come on.
‐ Cut me some slack.
If I tell you, my father
will never speak to me again.
‐ My dad is the same way too.
‐ [laughs]
‐ Oh, wait.
Don't post that part.
‐ Too late, too late!
Oop.
‐ You post that,
I could never go back to Miami.
‐ Okay.
‐ Ruben.
[speaking Spanish]
‐ [speaking Spanish]
[Ecos De Borinquen's
"Nuestro amigo el flamboyán"]
♪ ♪
‐ You know you're a real natural
in front of the camera?
‐ [sighs]
‐ No, I'm serious.
'Cause most people
can't be themselves
when the camera's on them.
But you really made it feel like
we were having a conversation.
‐ The way I see it, food is the
one thing we all have in common.
Doesn't matter who you are,
where you are‐‐
food has a way
of connecting people.
What?
‐ Salud.
[both laugh]
Speaking of being natural,
you wanna act?
‐ How'd you know?
‐ I saw your face when
Lewis mentioned Melanie Caan.
‐ Oh.
‐ I like her movies.
‐ It's not something
I really tell people
'cause I'm sensitive, you know?
It's a cliché.
I get it.
When I was little,
I didn't really have a family.
I had a mom sometimes,
and dad never,
so I used to create my own
worlds and my own characters,
and write little plays.
Lewis thinks I'm crazy.
He says I have too much to lose
and that there's no upside.
But...
‐ Hey.
[soft music]
Fear is a terrible reason
not to try.
‐ Exactly.
‐ My little brother, Mateo,
he's into music now.
But when we were younger,
he wanted to be a director.
He'd always try
to borrow people's camera,
shooting everything.
He even tried to get me
to act in them.
[laughs]
‐ These, I need to see.
‐ These, you will never see.
‐ I just told you how
captivating you are on camera.
‐ "Captivating."
Is that in the same
neighborhood of "sexy"?
‐ They may share a street.
[phone chiming]
‐ [laughs]
Let me guess.
‐ Lewis, I'm having fun.
What?
Okay.
I'm coming back now.
Melanie Caan wants to meet me.
[taps table excitedly]
‐ Dude,
my dad is the same way.
Wait, don't post that part.
‐ Your brother seems cool.
He's got, like, an Anthony
Bourdain thing going on.
‐ Daniel?
Yeah, he's pretty great.
‐ Ma, have you seen
my clean underwear?
Never mind.
I'm good.
‐ My other brother?
Not so much.
[both laugh]
‐ So what's she like?
Noa.
‐ I actually got to talk to her
on the phone for a little.
She's really nice.
‐ I used to have
the biggest crush on her.
Who am I kidding?
I still do.
[both laugh]
‐ A crush?
Like, on her?
‐ What do you guys think?
‐ I think you should knock.
‐ Door's open, so the outfit?
I'm going to meet about a gig
and I wanna look
super successful,
but, you know, I wanna
play it down a little bit
so I don't look
a little too materialistic.
‐ You nailed it.
‐ Yeah?
Thank you.
‐ So do you need
anything else, or...
‐ No.
‐ Okay.
‐ [laughs]
‐ Thank God.
[both laugh]
‐ [gasps]
‐ You girls need anything?
‐ Five uninterrupted seconds
of peace and quiet, maybe?
I don't know.
‐ Oye, don't get snappy.
She gets snappy when
she's hungry. [laughs]
I'll make you guys some snacks.
Amy, wanna stay for dinner?
‐ Love to.
‐ Okay.
[laughs]
‐ Yay.
[chuckles]
I love dinner.
‐ [chuckles]
‐ MC Cubano, huh?
That's catchy.
‐ Yeah, you know,
I wanted something
to embrace my heritage.
‐ Well, Vanessa speaks
very highly of you.
You're free the 14th?
‐ 14th?
Yeah, let me check.
You know what?
For you, yes.
‐ Great.
‐ The music needs to be
profanity‐free obviously,
and include some classics
so the older guests can enjoy it
along with the children.
‐ "Children"?
I'm sorry.
What kind of gig is this?
‐ It's a bar mitzvah.
‐ A bar mitzvah.
‐ Yeah.
Are any of these limitations
a problem for you?
‐ No, no, not unless
you're some kind of hack
who just wants to spin
Justin Bieber songs.
Listen, I'm an artist, you know?
You hire me to do what I do.
Not to censor me,
not to limit me‐‐
to let me rock your world,
you know?
That's why you hire me.
‐ Actually, MC Cubano,
I think that's why
I don't hire you.
MC Cubano.
Vanessa, what are you thinking?
‐ What?
‐ This guy's not gonna work out.
‐ Yeah, that was insulting.
‐ [scoffs] Yeah, it was!
‐ Oh, you're mad at me?
He wanted me to play
a bar mitzvah.
‐ Oh, I'm sorry.
Is high school dance
where you draw the line?
I'll have to remember that
the next time
I ask the head of C. T. O. Records
to hire you.
‐ Weiss?
Eli Weiss?
‐ Yes.
‐ Okay, I can fix this.
Let me just smooth things over.
‐ A steamroller wouldn't
smooth over the mess you made.
Do you want this job?
‐ Yes.
‐ You sure?
‐ [sighs]
Follow me
and do exactly as I say.
‐ Melanie, I'm such a huge fan.
‐ Thank you so much, Noa.
And thank you for meeting me
on such short notice.
‐ No problem.
My pleasure.
Can I have a water, please?
‐ Look, I think it's great
what you're doing in Puerto Rico
and around the world.
I'm sorry I can't be
at your event tonight,
but I have this
for your foundation.
‐ This is very generous of you.
‐ I just hope it doesn't
feel like a bribe.
‐ How so?
‐ I have a film starting
production next week,
and I have an actress who just
checked herself into rehab.
It's a small role,
but I've been banging my head
trying to come up with
the right fit for the part,
and I thought of you.
‐ [exhales]
Wow.
Well, I would be very happy
to read for that role.
‐ You don't have to audition.
The part is yours
if you want it.
It's three weeks work,
and we would need you there
in Toronto tomorrow, ideally.
‐ Wait a second.
Toronto.
Is this the film
you're doing with Colin Davis?
‐ Yes, he said
you'd be perfect for it
and that the personal history
wouldn't be an issue.
‐ So is she great,
or is she great?
[tense music]
‐ I told you
you would love Piñones.
[laughs]
So what else, mi amor?
What else?
What is it like to travel
with a celebrity?
‐ I mean, it's different
than I imagined.
I thought it'd be all
parties and stuff,
but she spent hours
talking to the press
about helping the island
and just how much
she could help it.
I mean, I don't know.
She's just a great person.
‐ Well, depending
on how tonight goes,
maybe you'll invite her over
for dinner.
‐ [whispers indistinctly]
‐ [laughs]
I'm keeping her away from our
dinners for as long as possible.
‐ What is that supposed to mean?
‐ Okay, I gotta go, Ma.
Bye.
‐ [scoffs] Now we're not
good enough for our son.
[both speaking Spanish]
‐ I know it's a leap,
and maybe a scary one.
I wouldn't be here
if I didn't think
you and I would make
a great team.
‐ It means so much
to hear you say that.
‐ Just let me know tomorrow,
either way.
‐ Absolutely.
‐ Hey, Colin.
‐ Thanks, Melanie.
‐ How dare you use acting
to worm your way back
into my life.
‐ Wow.
Slow down, Noa.
‐ So this has nothing
to do with us?
‐ Yeah, sure it does‐‐
I mean,
in the fact that I thought
we were still friends, at least.
‐ [laughs]
Oh.
And if I say yes,
then I have to be in Toronto
by tomorrow.
‐ Honey, how are you feeling
about it?
‐ Confused.
‐ For what it's worth,
it's about working with
Melanie Caan, not Colin.
It's about chasing your dream.
I think you should do it.
‐ I hate to admit it,
but I think he's right.
Colin is a side note.
This is a once‐in‐a‐lifetime
opportunity.
‐ Piper, what happened?
‐ Did you fall in the pool?
‐ A water main underneath
the hotel burst, and...
It's a geyser in there.
‐ Well, are they fixing it?
‐ Oh, no.
You don't understand.
It's all ruined.
The food, the decorations‐‐
we have hundreds of people
who paid to come to a gala.
There is no gala.
‐ [stammers]
I'm so sorry, Noa.
You know what,
I will wait outside,
and I'll explain to everybody‐‐
‐ No, no, no.
We're not giving up.
‐ Well, what about
another hotel?
‐ Well, it's not about
the space, Lewis.
It's about all the stuff
that we put in.
The food, the decorations‐‐
it's all destroyed.
‐ But still, Noa is right.
We do not give up.
We have two hours to recreate
a meticulously‐planned gala
that celebrates
children and education.
And we're in a predominantly
Catholic country,
so we are due for a miracle.
‐ I got it!
‐ Baker Boy, no offense,
but when I said miracle,
I didn't mean pastelitos.
‐ How about a whole island
of cuisine?
[exciting music]
‐ Everybody wants the fantasy‐‐
the dream, the sports car,
even if they can only afford
the rusty pickup.
So you sell them
the rusty pickup,
and make them believe
they're getting the sports car.
‐ Yup.
Wait, am I the rusty pickup
in this scenario?
‐ You are the guy that's
gonna keep his mouth shut.
‐ Vanessa, do you really think
this is gonna work?
‐ After your debacle with
Mr. Weiss, we have no choice.
We go over his head.
‐ Huh?
‐ This guy is the next Drake.
He's "Degrassi" era now,
but he's about to blow up.
So do you wanna break
the next Drake,
or do you want the same DJ
your cousin had
whose greatest achievement
was getting your bubbie
to twerk to the Village People?
‐ I don't know.
Bubbie likes the "YMCA" and she
writes a mean birthday check.
‐ Yo, any fool can play
that stuff, all right?
I have cutting‐edge lyrics.
[mouthing]
‐ He's right.
He does.
And you know who else likes him?
Noa Hamilton.
[lively music playing,
crowd cheering]
‐ ♪ One, two, three, four ♪
♪ 'Cause
I'm a Calle Ocho guy ♪
♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ A little macho,
a little shy ♪
♪ Oh, oh ♪
‐ That's dope.
That's you?
‐ I'm telling you,
he doesn't look like much,
but he's the real deal.
Did I mention that
hiring MC Cubano
would piss your parents off?
‐ Let's do this.
‐ So you think I'm crazy?
‐ No, this will work.
‐ Yeah, that's what I thought.
‐ So this is it, huh, Daniel?
‐ Yeah, yeah.
‐ It's good?
Thank you.
Yeah, let's do it.
‐ Yeah.
‐ What are you doing here?
‐ I wasn't gonna wait in my room
like some kind of princess.
‐ [chuckles]
All right.
Let's go, guys.
‐ Let's get to work.
‐ You showed up.
Well played, Hamilton.
Come on.
Let's do it.
‐ I'm not afraid
of breaking a nail.
‐ Come on.
Let's get this over there.
‐ I think I can handle this.
‐ Let's do it.
[Ramito's
"Verdades Amergas (Llanera)"]
♪ ♪
‐ [vocalizes adversely]
Save some for the guests.
‐ I'm testing
for quality control.
‐ [laughs]
♪ ♪
‐ Is that it?
‐ That's it.
‐ 20 minutes to spare.
‐ [sighs]
‐ We gotta get changed before
anyone sees us like this.
Let's go, Hamilton.
‐ Thank you.
‐ ♪ My head feels ♪
‐ So before when you said that
your brother knew Noa Hamilton,
I thought it was one of
those lies that you tell people
when you're new somewhere
and you wanna say something
that makes you seem cool.
‐ Yeah, I tried those,
but they always backfired.
I'm a terrible liar.
[both laugh]
I would say something,
and then, like,
two seconds later, take it back.
‐ I once told a boy that I had
herpes when he tried to kiss me.
‐ [laughs]
That's a good one.
‐ Until he told
the whole school.
‐ Ouch.
‐ [laughs]
So...
Um...
[soft pop music]
[laughs softly]
Do you like boys or girls?
Or both?
‐ Um...
‐ None of the above?
‐ No, I...
I mean, I like...
[sighs]
‐ ♪ I'd have to say
it was enough ♪
♪ To make me walk away ♪
♪ And I messed up ♪
♪ 'Cause every time
I start to get up ♪
♪ And now my head feels ♪
[knocking on door]
‐ [yelps]
‐ [gasps]
Natalia, mija, be careful.
What are you doing?
‐ Nothing, um, nothing.
Actually, Amy was just leaving.
‐ Aww, she is?
‐ Yeah.
We were talking, and now we're
done, so she's gonna go home.
‐ Oh, but, Amy, I made
some merenguito besitos.
They're tiny kisses of meringue
made with a lot of love.
‐ Thanks, Mrs. Garcia,
but Natalie's right.
I have to go.
Night.
‐ Good night.
But I thought
it was going so well.
‐ [groans]
[lively music playing]
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
[cheers and applause]
[camera shutter clicks]
‐ Wow.
‐ So what do you think?
‐ It's incredible.
[stirring music]
♪ ♪
Thank you so much.
[camera shutters clicking]
‐ I mean when I say this.
What you did today
was absolutely amazing.
‐ I'm a closer.
I close.
‐ You knew.
Yeah, about Daniel going
to Noa's birthday party.
‐ Mateo,
I know about everything.
‐ And yet, you still stand up
for me like that.
‐ We're family.
I know it might not
feel like it to you,
maybe not any of you,
but the four years
Daniel and I were together,
you were all a part of that.
And if Daniel comes
to his senses,
maybe we'll all end up closer.
Okay, two things before I go.
First,
no more Vanessa Princessa.
‐ You, uh, knew about that?
‐ I told you.
I know about everything.
‐ And the second thing?
‐ I get 10% of every gig
you book from now on,
and don't you even try
to negotiate with me!
I'll see you.
[soft music]
♪ ♪
[bell jingling]
‐ [chuckles]
[indistinct chatter]
‐ Buenas noches.
[cheers and applause]
Gracias.
First of all, I want to thank
you all for being here tonight.
I'm happy to report that thanks
to your generous contributions,
we will soon be constructing
12 additional schools.
[cheers and applause]
[soft dramatic music]
♪ ♪
As some of you may know,
our original venue
was flooded tonight
and all of our plans
were washed away.
But like the people
of this island,
my friends didn't despair.
They rebuilt, they improvised,
and they made
something magical, no?
[cheers and applause]
Something unforgettable.
To me, that says
when you do things
with love and with passion,
you can overcome even the
most challenging of obstacles.
Thank you so much, Puerto Rico,
for your support.
[cheers and applause]
And now, let's dance!
[Rosalía's "Milionària"]
♪ ♪
Wow.
‐ All about‐‐
[all speaking Spanish]
[indistinct chatter]
‐ All right,
all right, all right.
That's‐‐that's how it is
all the time.
Ruben, I couldn't have done this
without you.
How amazing this turned out.
‐ [speaks Spanish]
‐ She's really something,
isn't she?
Colin Davis.
‐ Daniel Garcia.
‐ I saw how you pulled
all this together, man.
It's really impressive,
what you did.
So you and Noa are friends?
She's got a way, right?
Makes you kind of feel like
you're the only guy
in the world‐‐
even if you're not.
[indistinct chatter]
‐ Hey.
‐ Have you guys seen Daniel?
‐ No, and hopefully,
you won't see Daniel.
Seriously.
‐ Did she tell you
she wants to be an actress?
That's a lifelong dream of hers.
And she just got a role
in my next film.
We leave tomorrow.
Yeah, she's not gonna have
much time for anything else.
I just wanted to let you know,
bro to bro.
‐ I learned today
how celebrities like you
have to smile
when you're in public.
Even if you're making an ass
out of yourself.
Stop me when I'm wrong.
Noa broke it off,
then you begged her
to get back together,
she said no.
Then she asked you
not to come to this event,
and yet, you still came.
Now you're using her dream
to try to get her back
in your life.
Is that the story?
Now don't lose that smile,
superstar.
Hold onto it,
because your dignity‐‐
that's long gone.
[lively music playing]
♪ ♪
‐ Hey.
‐ Wow.
You look beautiful.
‐ Thank you, Colin.
‐ For what?
‐ For making this decision
so easy for me.
You didn't get me
that role for me.
That was for you,
which is why
I'm gonna tell Melanie Caan
that I'm not taking it.
But please stay
and enjoy the food.
It's delicious.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
Wanna get out of here?
‐ Hey, I booked a gig!
‐ Mm.
‐ Who died?
‐ Something happened between
Natalie and her friend, Amy,
and now she's not talking.
Not one word.
Do you know how hard it is
for your sister
not to say one word?
‐ Congratulations
on the job, mijo.
We'll have to celebrate when
the family's all back together.
‐ Vanessa helped, actually.
She's...
‐ A good person.
[knocking on door]
‐ Go away.
Do you hear me?
Do you even hear the words
that are coming out
of my mouth right now?
‐ What happened with Amy?
‐ Nothing.
Why do you ask?
‐ Well, because
I'm your brother.
And I love you
a lot more than I love Daniel.
And...
I have eyes.
Look, I know I act a fool,
like, 99% of the time,
but that's just how
I deal with life.
I actually pay attention.
And as someone who has seen
his fair share
of women storming off,
I'm sort of an expert, so...
[soft dramatic music]
♪ ♪
‐ I told her to leave.
I really like her.
And I think she likes me,
and she's so nice,
and I freaked out.
Can you believe that?
‐ Yeah, I can.
Call her.
‐ What?
I can't.
‐ Yes, you can.
You better call her,
or mom's gonna call her.
You know that.
‐ Well, what do I even say?
‐ Hell if I know.
They always hang up on me.
[door closes]
♪ ♪
[upbeat music]
‐ No one can see us
leave together.
So you walk on that side,
and I'll walk
on this side, okay?
‐ ♪ Rolling in the night ♪
♪ Can you feel it? ♪
♪ Won't you hold me tight? ♪
♪ I hope you mean it ♪
‐ Honey, what's wrong with you?
You've been distracted all day.
‐ I'm worried about Daniel.
‐ ♪ I'm turning back to you ♪
♪ Nice to meet you,
how you been? ♪
♪ I had you smoothed
like a rock and welcoming ♪
♪ Nice to meet you,
how you been? ♪
♪ I had you light
the lightning, come on in ♪
♪ Nice to meet you,
how you been? ♪
‐ I mean, she's beautiful,
but people like Noa Hamilton,
they're not like us.
They don't live
in the real world.
‐ ♪ I had you
light the lightning ♪
♪ So nice to meet you ♪
♪ ♪
‐ I don't want Daniel
getting used to that.
I don't want him
living in some‐‐
[scoffs]
Some fantasy.
♪ ♪
Because if he does
get swept up in it,
what happens when he falls
back to Earth?
[elevator dings]
‐ ♪ So nice to meet you ♪
♪ ♪
‐ [chuckles]
No PDA, remember?
‐ Well, good thing
we're not in public anymore.
‐ Ms. Hamilton,
can I have an autograph?
‐ Yeah, sure.
‐ Can you make it out
to Romy Chase?
That's me.
[giggles]
‐ What floor?
‐ Three.
‐ Romy, right?
‐ Yes.
My mom said not to bother you,
but she was wrong.
[laughs]
What are you writing?
‐ "To Romy,
"who will never know
how much she made me smile
when she surprised me
in the elevator."
‐ Oh, my God.
That's perfect.
Oh, can I take a photo?
‐ Sure, absolutely.
‐ Will you?
‐ Mm‐hmm, yeah.
One, two, three.
[shutter clicks]
It's nice.
[elevator dings]
‐ Oh, this is me.
Thank you.
‐ You're welcome.
We should wait till our floor.
‐ Forget that.
[woman vocalizing]
["I Can't Get Enough"
by benny blanco, Tainy,
Selena Gomez and J Balvin]
‐ ♪ Crazy, I like that,
you like that ♪
♪ So let's be crazy ♪
♪ A contact, impact ♪
♪ I want that daily ♪
♪ Our breath getting
deeper, deeper ♪
♪ Lately, I like that, baby ♪
[shutter clicks]
♪ 'Cause I can't get enough ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Yeah, I can't get enough ♪
[shutter clicking]
♪ ♪
♪ Yeah, I can't get enough
of your love ♪
♪ Give me some more loving ♪
♪ I can't get enough ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Yeah, I can't get
enough of your love ♪
♪ Give me some more loving ♪
♪ 'Cause I can't get enough ♪
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪